when I want to get dirty I got a crawler
attached garage what are you talking
about you're saying his green thumbs
right oh my god okay we're back we are
okay I'll you ever go sit down yeah you
are you okay I got it so blue hands on
about the table it was a sticker anyway
it was a sticker after a little bit of a
break I'm totally back we're back in
action we've got a excuses Danielson and
we gotta give away number three prize in
front of us that everybody's just dying
to know who won it wasn't you he's not
gonna be wearing like well he can wear
like a hat for a little while I ok we
rolled up hahahaha it's like a horse oh
okay hahaha this prize pack included
this charity a ridgecrest actually a
ridgecrest chassis complete links box
blah blah blah all the hardware what you
see it's right there also the body in
excellent shape this is a weatherproof
hat these two holes here in the front
where the posts would go that will
actually get any of your glasses so if
it's raining and we're getting spotted
the rain will run through the clean your
glasses other than that it's waterproof
it does do the couple drips down the
back of the rock just to keep you awake
or my under this cold outside okay so um
what else and a t-shirt from our good
friends down there Downey's to Canada
Joe Ferguson from my average joe's RC we
got a band t-shirt to go along with this
jazzy and this hi I'm sorry but hat
starting to girl on me I started going
the other guy I'm starting to like to
have you okay hi first time I wasn't so
much I wore that up to rent here for
man yeah liar buddy that's that's wicked
I love that man you got some bad
stickers in you look at it crap on this
table did it submit bang baby tell you
what anyway anyway that's not what
everybody wants to know they want to
know if they want the dog good okay
little hang on hang on what call it
can't hang on hang on oh boy here we go
watch me hold this before you announce
he's going to show us how to fold your
laundry all right before you announce it
okay alright so there you go yeah
polemic that's it I was how long it's
got on the drawer like that yeah first
thing only time folks love it I rock
okay anyways there you go so that this
shirt and stick it back I'm going to do
a sticker pack up for you sell some some
hairy legs so I have it here somewhere
ah the winner Oh later third this is our
other day were three yeah do you know
where the I'm late announcing the winner
in this giveaway no I was going to ask
you if it was weren't 30th you know I
just had to change the date well we I
just did I help me out brother I know
everybody's been waiting because I was
kind of slack on them I know I don't I
heard so the next giveaway which is
coming up and mighty doing some stuff
you see on the table right now but I'm
not saying anyway it will make sure it's
sometimes so here's where we're at right
now the winner I woman's pregnancy nice
haha is done ah the winner of the ctg
giveaway number three that's coming no
that's got many good remembering all
right yes here it is feminine or ki Toli
say no no and the name is Pam RC man 90
ever seen new subscriber RC man 98 we're
not joking a jokey buddy I'm going to
work you on a sticker pack under this
car little stickers and you will be
getting the shirt the body the chassis
apakah stickers and you are awesome
thanks for subscribing thanks for
playing along at a blind test that's
incredible amount of it I'm gonna do a
nice full gym I'll tell you what he will
do the full I leave it folded the way he
folds it hey maybe you can do like a
sticker pack inside the folder ok this
one we're gonna hold off I'll get it sir
practice yeah all right anyway thanks
for playing along guys I'm sorry for the
delay in announcing the winner you knew
it was coming it wasn't going anywhere
so there it is that's the the axial
ridgecrest the ax Ken chassis body
t-shirt decopac RC man 98 fam thanks a
lot man and that's how you fold a
t-shirt get it ready for the shipping